_pages/index.md, before:

---
#
# See the Github wiki for how to use Markdown in the editable content below:
# link here
#
# See layouts/home.html for Title + Description
#
# Editable - SECTION CONTENT
#
section-1-image: assets/img/home-section-1.png
section-1-title: Modern, user&#8209;friendly digital services
section-1-link: digital-standards
section-1-alt: Design modern, user-friendly digital services
section-1-copy: The <a title="Digital Standards" href="/va-digital-service-handbook/digital-standards">Digital Standards</a> describe the quality standards for modern, user&#8209;friendly digital services on the Veteran Tools Platform.
#
section-2-image: assets/img/home-section-2.png
section-2-title: Agile, user&#8209;centered delivery
section-2-link: delivery/
section-2-alt: Agile, user-centered delivery
section-2-copy: The <a title="Digital Delivery Guide" href="/va-digital-service-handbook/delivery/">Digital Delivery Guide</a> helps VA teams meet the <a title="Digital Standards" href="/va-digital-service-handbook/digital-standards">Digital Standards</a> by engaging with users and using best practices for agile delivery.
#
section-3-image: assets/img/home-section-3.png
section-3-title: Veteran Affairs<br/>APIs
section-3-link: https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/vets-contrib
section-3-alt: Veteran Affairs APIs
section-3-target: yes
section-3-copy: <a title="Veteran Affairs APIs" href="https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/vets-contrib" target="_blank">Veteran Affairs APIs</a> empower our partners to build innovative, Veteran&#8209;centered, cutting edge solutions they can use to manage their care, services, and benefits.
#
# Editable - DESCRIPTION CONTENT
#
subhead: Empowering VA teams to build digital services on the Veteran Tools Platform
p1: We created this Handbook based on VA's experience with <a title="Vets.gov" href="https://www.vets.gov" target="_blank">Vets.gov</a>, as well as best practices from government digital services, government agencies, and the technology industry. It's a tool to help VA teams create the best possible user experience for people interacting with Veteran-facing digital services.
p2: This Handbook provides direction for teams who want to build on the <i>Veteran Tools Platform</i> (the technologies and processes that support Vets.gov). But we hope other VA teams find it useful when building their own digital services.
alert-title: Work in progress
alert-copy: We're currently expanding and refining this Handbook.<br/>We encourage you to adopt as much of it as possible and <a title="Share feedback" href="/va-digital-service-handbook/contact">share your feedback</a>.
#
# Don't edit items below - they control the page layout
#
return-top: no
layout: home
permalink: /
page-type: home
twitter_card: large
section-image-1: assets/img/square-90.png
section-image-2: assets/img/square-90.png
section-image-3: assets/img/square-90.png
#
---

{{ content }}

Commit message:

Add last modified date to files

_pages/index.md, after:

---
#
modified-date: September 4, 2018
#
# See the Github wiki for how to use Markdown in the editable content below:
# link here
#
# Title displays on the page and in HTML meta tags
title: Welcome
#
# See layouts/home.html for Site Title + Description
#
# Editable - SECTION CONTENT
#
section-1-image: assets/img/home-section-1.png
section-1-title: Modern, user&#8209;friendly digital services
section-1-link: digital-standards
section-1-alt: Design modern, user-friendly digital services
section-1-copy: The <a title="Digital Standards" href="/va-digital-service-handbook/digital-standards">Digital Standards</a> describe the quality standards for modern, user&#8209;friendly digital services on the Veteran Tools Platform.
#
section-2-image: assets/img/home-section-2.png
section-2-title: Agile, user&#8209;centered delivery
section-2-link: delivery/
section-2-alt: Agile, user-centered delivery
section-2-copy: The <a title="Digital Delivery Guide" href="/va-digital-service-handbook/delivery/">Digital Delivery Guide</a> helps VA teams meet the <a title="Digital Standards" href="/va-digital-service-handbook/digital-standards">Digital Standards</a> by engaging with users and using best practices for agile delivery.
#
section-3-image: assets/img/home-section-3.png
section-3-title: Veteran Affairs<br/>APIs
section-3-link: https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/vets-contrib
section-3-alt: Veteran Affairs APIs
section-3-target: yes
section-3-copy: <a title="Veteran Affairs APIs" href="https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/vets-contrib" target="_blank">Veteran Affairs APIs</a> empower our partners to build innovative, Veteran&#8209;centered, cutting edge solutions they can use to manage their care, services, and benefits.
#
# Editable - DESCRIPTION CONTENT
#
subhead: Empowering VA teams to build digital services on the Veteran Tools Platform
p1: We created this Handbook based on VA's experience with <a title="Vets.gov" href="https://www.vets.gov" target="_blank">Vets.gov</a>, as well as best practices from government digital services, government agencies, and the technology industry. It's a tool to help VA teams create the best possible user experience for people interacting with Veteran-facing digital services.
p2: This Handbook provides direction for teams who want to build on the <i>Veteran Tools Platform</i> (the technologies and processes that support Vets.gov). But we hope other VA teams find it useful when building their own digital services.
alert-title: Work in progress
alert-copy: We're currently expanding and refining this Handbook.<br/>We encourage you to adopt as much of it as possible and <a title="Share feedback" href="/va-digital-service-handbook/contact">share your feedback</a>.
#
# Don't edit items below - they control the page layout
#
return-top: no
layout: home
permalink: /
page-type: home
twitter_card: large
section-image-1: assets/img/square-90.png
section-image-2: assets/img/square-90.png
section-image-3: assets/img/square-90.png
#
---

{{ content }}
